---
layout: post
title: Follow Up
date: 2023-09-22
categories: ["freedom", "entrepreneurship"]
---

### 🔥 Fire 🔥

I was listening to a podcaster yesterday talk about his journey from not being one to being one of the most successful in the business. I'm talking about Jack Spirko. He's definitely been inspirational to me regarding some different life decisions I've made over the years. What struck me was his ability to put fire into other people. He's got the ability to use words to inspire. Sure, he'll rub you the wrong way sometimes, but that's what good leaders do.

I want to inspire others as well. That's in part what this blog/site is about. It's to help me find my footing and what that fire is that I want to share with others. I need to do some more soul searching to figure out what it is that I want to share with others. I'm a pretty good software developer, a pretty good husband and father.

### I'm a terrible employee

I'm a terrible employee. Not in that I don't work hard. I'm terrible in that I leave quickly. I've had 7-8 jobs in about that many years. One I actually went back to and left again after 3 months. While I'm there I do a good job and can get up to speed quickly, but I get bored and lose interest. This is where I think something like entrepreneurship needs to come into play. But I haven't the first idea on how to run a business. That's why I think something like content creation/blogging/podcasting might be the perfect fit, it's flexible. I'm beholden to my fans and myself. But I call the shots, you like it or not, but it's not up to you.

### Closing

Thanks if you actually read this. LOL, I am doing zero to let people know about this site right now, other than it's used to publish my `nip-05` on nostr.
